Hi, guys, in this listen, we will talk about Hiroku, actually, we will talk about what we can do
on, you know, Kodesh board when we sign into Hiroku, we will see our empty spot in here.
We can see the short summary about EPS.
Then we can see the details of EBR with clicking to.
An overview page, we can see the summary of our EP.
These are Eldon's resource formations, collaborator's and latest activities.
We can see the details of them on other tips on resources tap.
We can see that our profile Betis then we can change the dyno type.
For now we use three Dynel, but we can change it easily.
There are four basic public dyna types on here on these are three Hoby Standard and Pearlman's.
We can find the details of them from the Hiroku documentation page easily and detailing Fedi.
Dynel works in Slipknot, so if we don't use it it will be shut down.
Hobbie Diner includes all three features, but it never sleeps and performance metrics are available.
Standard Dynel includes all Hobbie features Stanadyne or provides a roll back option up to the seven
days actually roll back option is also available on Free and Hoby Diner, but day option is less.
Standard Diner has horizontal scalability so we can run up to a hundred machines in parallel performance.
Diner is dedicated machine, so there is a specific resource for your app.
It is not sharing resource and it has all the scaling features.
There are also private diner types on Hiroku actually that are related with your needs so we don't give
details about them.
On Hiroku, we can use add ons also, for example, to analyze LOKKE details.
We can add log entries, by the way, to add and add on, we should enter our credit card details on
Hiroku.
There are lots of Heddon on Hiroku.
You can find it from Hiroku documentation.
Then we can examine the deployed app on deployed app.
We can create pipeline with pipeline, we can create Raviv apps.
When I say review app, for example, we can assume that we use GitHub deployment and we want to test
that branch before production so we can handle it via Lilibeth or we develop the pipeline.
We can carry the stage app before production deploy.
First of all, we can validate deployment on stage app on Hiroku.
We can use different deployment types.
We can use Hiroku, get option or integration in here.
We will use GitHub as deployment type.
Then we can set the deployment branch and auto deployment settings.
Then we can examine the metrics, step on metrics that we can see the details of performance metrics.
Credit card information is necessary to see here, and it is not available on free time, then we can
examine activity, tap on activity that we can see that all previous activities and in here, the nice
feature of Eurocup on Hiroku, we can roll back to our previous version from excess tab.
We can update the corroborators, then we can examine settings, step on settings that we can change
the app name.
We can delete the app, we can close the app with maintaining smolt.
We can transfer to app to other Hiroku account.
Or we can update the says advocate for our Heroku and Point.
Or we can create environment variables.
OK, that's all about Hiroku Dashboard.
Thank you.